n l n d a path country big
of opportunities
even from a serious crisis can be learned
The benefit is reported in the us series
loud hacker attacks on large
of the company
led to a sharp increase in demand for
insurance against such attacks for just
several years of cyber risk insurance
turned into a market which is valued
at 2 billion dollars and as expected
after hacker attack on sony company
pictures entertainment
this figure will grow in geometric
progression
information leaks not only
compromise the company well and it is worth
big money according to some of the damage
which a major cyber attack can inflict
companies range from 9 to 100
million dollars especially when
hundreds of millions of data leak
customers so it was for example in the case of
attacks on target home depot and dj pi
morgan quality insurance policy
cyber risk will help lawyer them
researchers eliminate the consequences
such attacks and retaliate against
Some critics argue that the authorities
intentionally inflate the atmosphere of fear from
hypocritical considerations they hope
gain material gain and impose
certain actions i think that
cyber risk insurance thing itself
not bad
however it seems to me that this situation
much unleash the media and the establishment
to promote the ideas he needs
especially the idea that the us corporations and
the west is generally subject to attacks from
Chinese side
North Korean or other hackers
an atmosphere of fear is created which is nothing
not different from the atmosphere of fear
spawned by the war on terror if we
will fear every muslim or
the hacker then we become controlled and we will
believe what tells us
the government however is not American
authorities are not corporations can not say
how to prevent future hackers
attacks probably that's why insurance
from the consequences of already committed as well
quickly becoming the norm
marina rt tailor new york